# <font size = 10>Player - Breton </font>
## Backstory
### THE BEGINNING

Born and raised in Karthwasten, Jayson "Dalton" Smith was an average kid with an average life, but he was oddly brilliant compared to other kids his age. He started to help around the family farm very early on in his life. Being the elder Jayson had to learn everything first, milking cows, plowing fields, gathering water, collecting the harvest and of course checking for daily laid eggs in the chicken hut, running after lost sheep. He enjoyed his childhood very much, with 4 brothers (Jules, Jack, Junior and Smiley) who were constantly fighting one another, 5 sisters (Jane, Julia, Mirri, Layla, Janet) who were all very energetic, besides Mirri, but seemed to get along nicely. Finally he had his loyal dog named Café who always helped him gather the sheep when it was dark. He had the farmer's life pretty much laid out in front of him and had no other path to walk, but knowing that fact didn't bother him.

### LEARNING MAGIC

One day (12 years old) Jayson was tasked with cleaning up the attic, the place that he hated the most in the house, notably due to a slight allergy to dust. Though he didn't like it very much, he still did his assigned job to the letter. While combing through some old things, he found an old tattered book that seemed different from the rest. Unbeknownst to him, these were his great-grandfather's things from the days he was still living as a wizard hiding from the heavy military recruitment campaign by the Human faction almost 80 years ago. Jayson decided to read the book, well at least tried to read it. The writing was mostly elvish and the parts written in the common tongue were unreadable. Curious about this discovery he showed it to his father (Jay) and he simply responded that he didn't know what it was, but to ask his mother (Rosaria) about the matter. When the boy asked his father why, he replied that he never knew his parents or family, thus only his mother knew her family. Jayson rushed to find Rosaria immediately and started asking questions. His mother found him unbelievably curious for once, so she spared time to answer his unending questions. After having a quick look around and seeing no one was near them, she started by telling him not to tell anyone about this because it could attract unwanted attention from the Human faction, who are a current plague on the continent. Then she revealed that his ancestors were powerful mages who fought for the humans during their initial conquests. Eventually, one of them realized that what they were doing was wrong and chose exile in the shadows instead of joining the faction. Rosaria was their last descendant with magical abilities but chose to conceal them and never practiced any of it.

  

She even married an ordinary man who had no knowledge of magic on purpose in order to live a peaceful life. Those facts weren't revealed to Jayson of course. All that said, she still had the ability to read elvish and how to translate it. In other words she would teach her son elvish in secret, a difficult task to keep under wraps in a house of 12 people. It took 3 years to do the deed but it was finally done, Jayson now knew elvish and learned most of the theory about casting spells. The next step was to practice them alone when he had time. His mother never thought he would be such a prodigy, in under a year he managed to cast spells with ease and target them very precisely. His basic affinity was the same as hers, gravity and space magic-based spells. Life went on for 2 years after that and nothing worthy of mentioning really happened. Then on a cold, dark night the village was attacked by vicious Kobolds who teamed up with small spiders (somehow). They took the village hostage with no resistance at all, killing any farmer who opposed them, since the faction had abandoned the town no military presence remained to protect it. That meant practically no survival chance for the villagers unless a miracle happened.

### THE ATTACK 

As it happened, Jayson was out of town casting spells that day, when he returned late at night only to find the village up in flames and people were screaming everywhere, he was scared as hell of course, but his sense of duty towards saving his family was stronger than fear itself. He knew the surrounding area and thus snuck in by an unnoticed spot near the well. His combat experience being null and void, Jayson got lucky that he only had to fight a few kobolds and small spiders in order to slip in. Arriving near the family house, he instantly saw his brothers fighting off the monsters that had invaded the premises. Junior was about to get his head sliced off, Smiley was injured and the other two were fighting other monsters elsewhere. The moment before the kobold's swing reached Junior's neck, the axe became incredibly heavy and it broke the weak monster's wrist. Whilst the creature hurled in despair, Jayson rushed in, jumped crushed the kobold's head with a spell and continued towards his other brothers. He made short work of the remaining threat on the property, then got inside to see if his mother and sisters were safe.

They were all alive and well except the fact that they were traumatized by the event. Jayson was relieved to see them alive but everybody had questions about his magic abilities and where they came from, why is my brother a wizard they all said. Rosaria said they were a gift from god (first you need to understand the importance of religion to humans) and urged her son to save the other villagers, she then winked while looking back at Jayson, both of them knew it was a lie, but he needed to keep his mouth shut and did as she instructed. When dawn arrived, our dear hero finally ended the infestation then passed out from sheer exhaustion. In the end 8 villagers died, many homes were destroyed, many fields were burned. Fortunately, humans always rebuild and carry on with life very quickly and with ease. Jayson was proclaimed hero of the village, therefore gaining every villager's respect and gratitude, they even named the new bridge they built after his name.

### DREAMS 

Days of rebuilding later, at a regular family supper, all 9 of his siblings said they had something important to announce to him. Jayson looked confused and asked them what was on their minds. Smiley and Junior were the first to answer, they said to their brother that they were all very inspired by his recent actions and it gave them new motivations in life. Jane then replied that she wanted to travel the world in search of adventure, the others followed suit soon after, Smiley and Junior wished to become great renowned circus performers, Jules said he wanted to become a knight, but you know he's only 6, Layla was still too young to speak clear words, Jack's passion turned out to be alchemy so he wants to open a shop in the big city after receiving lessons of course, Janet desired to become the greatest blacksmith in the realm, Julia's voice was so beautiful that it fueled

  

a dream of becoming a grand opera singer, finally Mirri, this one is not as obvious as the others since Mirri was a darker and stranger child than the others. She announced wanting to become the village's shadow guardian that would kill or fend off any other threat that would ever come to the village. Then again she's only 9. Jayson laughed and encouraged all of them in the pursuit of their dream even though some of them are not very constructive (Mirri). All of them were somewhat very serious in what they had just said and that inspired Jayson to harbor a dream of his own in return. His deepest desire ever since he first learned about magic, was to obtain all knowledge he could about it. That kind of goal cannot be achieved by casting spells alone in a small village, he needed to venture out into the world and discover new things. At the age of 17 he ventured out into the world in search of new knowledge.

  

### THE JOURNEY 

The road was incredibly long and a big headache, but after 2 long years of wandering from small village to smaller village, he managed to figure out 2 main things about the world: One, that almost nobody can use magic. Two, most common folk thought magic was the stuff of legend or fairy tales and those who could wield it were very powerful. His powers were nowhere near the level they described, not yet anyways. One day, his fate turned around, a strange meeting with a man who was very impressed with his magical theories and how he grasped them on his own without any known teacher. Magic and its users being incredibly rare, the man named himself and revealed he was high officer in the Human faction who then approached Jayson with an offer, join us and we will give you all the knowledge you want to confirm if your theories are true. The offer was too tempting, he accepted with little hesitation, despite his mother's warnings against the faction and their methods.

  

Few in this world know exactly how magic works, so this "alliance option" was the best course of action to gain knowledge quickly and efficiently. His goal never was to join the humans for good, only to figure out what they know. Our protagonist now moved to the city of Wezzihk to start his formal training as a future royal guard. By doing so for 3 years he learned most of what he needed in order to refine his understanding of spellcasting and acquiring new spells. Never coming here with the intention of graduating, he made sure not to appear too powerful or knowledgeable in front of the other students and teachers, plus he made sure to stick to the rules by the letter, that way people wouldn't notice him leaving or going on discharge. He voluntarily broke his arm during a training session, after reviewing the incident in detail, they had no choice but to discharge him for reckless actions that could cause danger to his fellow royal guards, one of his teacher wrote as a statement in the case "He was a quiet student who always abode by the rules and asked curious, intriguing questions at some times. However it does not excuse the actions he did today, I must therefore approve with the decision of him being discharged without penalty." Thus ended his career as soon-to-be royal guard, he made sure he had saved enough gold coins to get himself healed by the local cleric and he traveled back to his home town of Karthwasten.

  

After his arrival in the village everyone welcomed him back with smiles on their faces and said : "Its all right if you didn't succeed on your journey you'll always be welcomed here and we will always support you." Jayson smiled and pretended like he learned or did almost nothing during his entire trip, but we all know he learned a lot about what he wanted, in addition he now knew the way to many small town and villages and some of their people. He then proceeded home where his mother was waiting for him, when Jayson asked her where his father was, she looked at him and said "I'm sorry my son, he passed away 2 years ago from a disease." Jayson only now understood that his journey for knowledge did come at a price, time doesn't stop going forward when you are gone people age or get sick and eventually they die. There were still some thing he wanted to talk about with his father before death came knocking, now his words can only be said over a tombstone. Everyone left the house except Jules, Mirri, and Layla who were too young to leave, most animals were sold off to neighboring farmers and all that remained was the house. Sadness aside, Jayson later on shared what he learned during his travels with Rosaria, she was astonished with the discoveries he made. He then announced that he was taking a break from his quest for a time and that he would be laying low in the village for a while. His mother approved.

  

### A NEW BEGINNING  

His idea was to stay longer, but his mother fell ill during his time there and Jayson had no choice but to set off for Wezzihk in search of a cure, once again. He could not help but feel curious about the fact that Rosaria, his mother, contracted the same illness his father had. The way she described how his father felt months before he died, it was the same way she seemed to be feeling right now. Is it a rare illness, a curse or something far sinister? Regardless he left the village and made his way to Wezzihk as soon as he could.